README.md, before:

# OTServ Brasil - Global Server

## Builds
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/opentibiabr/otservbr-global?branch=develop&passingText=develop%20-%20OK&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/opentibiabr/otservbr-global "Download nightly builds for Windows")
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/opentibiabr/OTServBR-Global.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/opentibiabr/OTServBR-Global "Linux Build Status - Develop Branch")

[![Build on MacOS](https://github.com/opentibiabr/otservbr-global/workflows/Build%20on%20MacOS/badge.svg)](https://github.com/opentibiabr/otservbr-global/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Build+on+MacOS%22)
[![Build on Ubuntu](https://github.com/opentibiabr/otservbr-global/workflows/Build%20on%20Ubuntu/badge.svg)](https://github.com/opentibiabr/otservbr-global/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Build+on+Ubuntu%22)
[![Build on Windows](https://github.com/opentibiabr/otservbr-global/workflows/Build%20on%20Windows/badge.svg)](https://github.com/opentibiabr/otservbr-global/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Build+on+Windows%22)

## Docs/Help
[![Documentation](https://codedocs.xyz/Costallat/otservbr-global.svg)](https://codedocs.xyz/Costallat/otservbr-global/)
[![Discord Channel](https://img.shields.io/discord/528117503952551936.svg?label=discord)](https://discord.gg/3NxYnyV)

## Project
OTServ Brasil - Global Server is a free and open-source MMORPG server emulator written in C++. It is a fork of the [Forgotten Server](https://github.com/otland/forgottenserver) project. To connect to the server and to take a stable experience, you can use our [own client](https://forums.otserv.com.br/index.php?/forums/topic/167933-otservbr-global-cliente-tibia-12/) and if you want to edit something, check our [customized tools](https://github.com/opentibiabr/tools).

### Getting Started
* **WARNING: YOU NEED TO UNZIP THE MAP BEFORE START THE SERVER.**
* [Compiling on Windows](https://forums.otserv.com.br/index.php?/forums/topic/169235-windowsvc2019-compilando-sources-otservbr-global/), alternatively download [nightly builds for Windows](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/opentibiabr/otservbr-global).

### Issues
We use the [issue tracker on GitHub](https://github.com/opentibiabr/OTServBR-Global/issues). Keep in mind that everyone who is watching the repository gets notified by e-mail when there is an activity, so be thoughtful and avoid writing comments that aren't meant for an issue (e.g. "+1"). If you'd like for an issue to be fixed faster, you should either fix it yourself and submit a pull request, or place a bounty on the issue.

### Special Thanks
- our partners
- our crew (majesty, gpedro, eduardo dantas)
- our testers (raphaellb, petardako, szulcek and olimpotibia)
- [our contributors](https://github.com/opentibiabr/OTServBR-Global/graphs/contributors)
- [fear lucien](https://github.com/FearLucien)
- [cjaker](https://github.com/Eternal-Scripts)
- [slavidodo](https://github.com/slavidodo)
- [mignari and our awesome tools](https://github.com/ottools)
- [mattyx14/otxserver](https://github.com/mattyx14/otxserver) and contributors.
- [otland/forgottenserver](https://github.com/otland/forgottenserver) and contributors.
- if we forget someone, we apologize by forgot you. but you know, **forgot**tenserver.

### Sponsors
If you want to sponsor here, join on discord and send a message for one of our administrators.

### Partners
[![Supported by OTServ Brasil](https://forums.otserv.com.br/uploads/monthly_2018_05/otbr.png.9f34d819278e170c73dd155a0ca1b501.png)](https://forums.otserv.com.br)

[![Protected by ServerCore](https://mktsc.servercore.com.br/protectedbyservercore.png)](https://bit.ly/1q2q4de)

Commit message:

Add code of conduct to the readme
Former-commit-id: f08140307ff5a58ee6dc7c7cb18eacca44a2d0e4

README.md, after:

# OTServ Brasil - Global Server

## Builds
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/opentibiabr/otservbr-global?branch=develop&passingText=develop%20-%20OK&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/opentibiabr/otservbr-global "Download nightly builds for Windows")
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/opentibiabr/OTServBR-Global.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/opentibiabr/OTServBR-Global "Linux Build Status - Develop Branch")

[![Build on MacOS](https://github.com/opentibiabr/otservbr-global/workflows/Build%20on%20MacOS/badge.svg)](https://github.com/opentibiabr/otservbr-global/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Build+on+MacOS%22)
[![Build on Ubuntu](https://github.com/opentibiabr/otservbr-global/workflows/Build%20on%20Ubuntu/badge.svg)](https://github.com/opentibiabr/otservbr-global/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Build+on+Ubuntu%22)
[![Build on Windows](https://github.com/opentibiabr/otservbr-global/workflows/Build%20on%20Windows/badge.svg)](https://github.com/opentibiabr/otservbr-global/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Build+on+Windows%22)

## Docs/Help
[![Documentation](https://codedocs.xyz/Costallat/otservbr-global.svg)](https://codedocs.xyz/Costallat/otservbr-global/)
[![Discord Channel](https://img.shields.io/discord/528117503952551936.svg?label=discord)](https://discord.gg/3NxYnyV)

## Project
OTServ Brasil - Global Server is a free and open-source MMORPG server emulator written in C++. It is a fork of the [Forgotten Server](https://github.com/otland/forgottenserver) project. To connect to the server and to take a stable experience, you can use our [own client](https://forums.otserv.com.br/index.php?/forums/topic/167933-otservbr-global-cliente-tibia-12/) and if you want to edit something, check our [customized tools](https://github.com/opentibiabr/tools).

You are subject to our code of conduct, read at [this link](https://github.com/opentibiabr/otservbr-global/blob/develop/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).


### Getting Started
* **WARNING: YOU NEED TO UNZIP THE MAP BEFORE START THE SERVER.**
* [Compiling on Windows](https://forums.otserv.com.br/index.php?/forums/topic/169235-windowsvc2019-compilando-sources-otservbr-global/), alternatively download [nightly builds for Windows](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/opentibiabr/otservbr-global).

### Issues
We use the [issue tracker on GitHub](https://github.com/opentibiabr/OTServBR-Global/issues). Keep in mind that everyone who is watching the repository gets notified by e-mail when there is an activity, so be thoughtful and avoid writing comments that aren't meant for an issue (e.g. "+1"). If you'd like for an issue to be fixed faster, you should either fix it yourself and submit a pull request, or place a bounty on the issue.

### Special Thanks
- our partners
- our crew (majesty, gpedro, eduardo dantas)
- our testers (raphaellb, petardako, szulcek and olimpotibia)
- [our contributors](https://github.com/opentibiabr/OTServBR-Global/graphs/contributors)
- [fear lucien](https://github.com/FearLucien)
- [cjaker](https://github.com/Eternal-Scripts)
- [slavidodo](https://github.com/slavidodo)
- [mignari and our awesome tools](https://github.com/ottools)
- [mattyx14/otxserver](https://github.com/mattyx14/otxserver) and contributors.
- [otland/forgottenserver](https://github.com/otland/forgottenserver) and contributors.
- if we forget someone, we apologize by forgot you. but you know, **forgot**tenserver.

### Sponsors
If you want to sponsor here, join on discord and send a message for one of our administrators.

### Partners
[![Supported by OTServ Brasil](https://forums.otserv.com.br/uploads/monthly_2018_05/otbr.png.9f34d819278e170c73dd155a0ca1b501.png)](https://forums.otserv.com.br)

[![Protected by ServerCore](https://mktsc.servercore.com.br/protectedbyservercore.png)](https://bit.ly/1q2q4de)
